okay a little bit more about brushes
these are some cables that I've created
as brushes we just get into this bit
here and pull this down for you
okay here we go right now then this is
this little pack here cables is actually
included in the curtsy pack this is ones
I've actually created before as you can
see this is simply a line and they go it
highlights it there for you
and see if I just click I can then
change it based on the line so to create
these has been very very simple in fact
let me take to the bottom here this will
show you a little bit a little bit
clearer okay so as you can see all I've
created is an artwork which has been if
I expand this object expand okay let me
just take this little section here this
is how I created this brush I simply
created this all artwork here drew my
box around it and obviously I want this
to be tight up against itself so I've
drawn a box like that taking it to zero
you group the whole lot take this item
go to my brushes just click and drag it
into the new brush new Patton brush okay
approximate path okay
and now see I've now got I basically
done exactly what I had before I'm just
showing you how I created this brush so
all I do is simply draw a line any nice
curved line that you like and click on
it and now I have my nice curved cable
alright it has these very small spaces
but when you're looking at a garment
this far away you're not going to notice
it so much so let me just show you and
take you into how you can use these
brushes within your CAD so let's say you
have downloaded this pack from my
courtesy little pack or archive or
whatever I'm gonna pick these three just
here just gonna literally click on them
and then going to copy them and paste
them into the counts I've been doing
into my my CAD file okay these are
obviously way bigger than my cats but
you know I can just simply reduce those
take over here as you can see in my
brushes palette
they've automatically come in so I don't
have to do anything with it I can now
simply just draw a line and there we go
I have my cables all laid out for me
very very simple very very quick so I'm
going to now put these some cables into
this knitwear this is going to be a bit
difficult because obviously this comment
isn't really made for cables it's very
great I'm just gonna get rid of my trims
here and let's go to the outline okay
I'm gonna go into my bits and bobs and
just get rid of all of this stuff just
so I can kind of show you a bit clearly
clearly so I can make it a bit more
obvious or so you can see the full
effect of what I'm actually going to do
this is how you can apply the brushes
that I provided in the pack okay
there we go perfect okay sons can draw a
line now let's say I think it kind of
starts probably go up the garment like
this I'm gonna go to my brushes palette
I'm gonna think right I'm gonna put this
one in okay let's go for that one
and see wow this is absolutely huge it's
obviously ridiculous for the size of
garment so and it's gonna go to my line
tool and I'm gonna hit point two-five
and see what that does
ah okay there we go that's much cleaner
it's probably a little bit too small
though so let's go not point four okay
that's cool so I can simply just go into
my garment and just keep doing this
let's say it's a multi cabled garment or
CAD I'm just going and let's pick a
different one that's fit for this one
and once again I'm just gonna reduce my
line size to not point two and there we
go fantastic so it's a very simple way
of putting these in and you could always
create a clipping mask because you see
this is overlapping here you can always
create a clipping mask around this
outline to then hold these in place so
they wouldn't go outside see that's kind
of going outside there so you can use
brushes and clipping masks together to
create whatever you want to create also
this line thickness here of the actual
artwork so this the things that this
line is very different to this one and
obviously you want it to be cohesive so
unfortunately I can't change the line
thickness of this unless I do one thing
which is going to objects and expand
once you've created your your brush and
the shape you want it to be or your
cable in the shape you want it to be by
this nice curved line here same with
this one you can then click on that line
go to object and expand and boom you've
now you can now edit those lines
individually so I can now go in and I
can make that now I can even make that
and they pink let's say and that little
area there will become pink but what I
actually really want to do so I guess my
big section tool I want to change the
thickness of this line and make it more
point six
and now suddenly in fact let's make it a
bit bigger so you can see the difference
and now I can actually change the
thickness of my line so I'm now going to
expand this one also expand